Well they are finally here !!!!!

These are updated versions of my Highway Light Towers.

First off I want and need to give a big thanks to Smoncrie. Without his help
these lights would not function as they do now.

Many of you complained when I released these towers originally, that they did not light the
area they stood in. At the time there was no one who knew how to do this. Furthermore, most
people I had talked to said that it wasn't even possible. Smoncrie PM'd me a few weeks ago 
and said that he was working on a way to get them to work, and after a couple of weeks we 
now have these fully fuctional highway light towers. You can now illuminate your highway networks
with real life highway lighting.



Installation :

Unzip the .zip files included with the download.
There shoudl be two folders included (both of them zipped)
One called "Models and Props"
the other "Lots"
Both of these need to be unzipped and the contents placed into your:
MyDocuments/SimCity4/Plugins folder.



There are five Small Tower Lots, which are very simple little lots with the tower, and a
couple of trees on them. These are labeled "Sm. Hwy. Lt. Rural ....." There are in game 
descriptions which describe one way in which they can be used. Granted there are hundreds
if not thousands of ways these lots can be used, but for simplicity I put descriptions 
regarding the most obvious ways to use the towers.

Ther is one Large Tower Lot. I had many complaints that the large tower was way out of scale
and upon further review, I agreed as well. Now that the towers actually put off light, I kept
the large one for the sole purpose of lighting up Elevated Highway Cloverleafs (which look
better lit up by the large towers than the small ones) These large towers can also be used to
light up stretches of elevated highways, though there size sometimes makes them an eyesore.

The most versatile of these towers are the smaller versions.

There are no bugs to my knowledge regarding the use of these towers, but as always if you come
across any, please post in my BAT Buildings thread at Simtropolis. That thread is called:
"Chozo's Buildings" found in the BAT Open discussions forums in the Custom Content area of 
The Simtropolis forums.

I will say one thing about these lights. Currently the overlap between the tower light and 
the Maxis made highway lights, results in an area that looks overexposed. Both myself and 
Smoncrie know about this. I have a mod which Smoncrie created for me that eliminates the Maxis
made highway lights. I will be updating these lots again very shortly, and at that time I will
also include this mod, if anyone really wants or needs to use it. The issue that it addresses
is purely cosmetic, and it is not needed for the function of the towers. Because of this, I will
not be including it until the lots are updated. 

You may ask why am I updating them again, well Smoncrie sent me two copies (large and small)
in which he had modded the lots to be slope conforming, except around the very small foundations
of the towers. I had some trouble working with these lots, and I need to get with him again, so 
that I can resolve the problem, and release these as slope conforming so they can be used 
anywhere.

I hope you have fun with these upgraded highway light towers, and be sure to show them off
in your CJ's.


If you have any questions or problems with these lots, please send either myself (The Great Chozo)
or Smoncrie a PM, or post in my BAT thread, and one of us will assist you.

Once again a very big thanks to Smoncrie for allowing these lots to become what I had 
envisioned when I originally created them.


The new upgraded Highway Light Towers are the work of The Great Chozo and Smoncrie.
The are released for your gaming pleasure, and are not to be re-released in an alternate form
by anyone but the two creators. If you wish to release these lots on another website, or wish 
to mod them for a special project that will be released, please contact myself and Smoncrie
BEFORE proceeding.

Thank you very much for your interest in these lots, and I hope they light up your SimCity nights!!!!

TGC 2004